1. test name field
a. Check if no error message is displayed after providing a valid name;
b. Check if correct error message is displayed after providing a one-character name;
c. Check if correct error messageis displayed after providing a 70+ characters long name;
d. Check if correct error message is displayed after leaving the name field empty and pressing the submit button;
e. Check if correct error message is displayed after providing a name that consists solely from digits;

2. test surname
a. Check if no error message is displayed after providing a valid surname;
b. Check if correct error message is displayed after providing a one-character surname;
d. Check if correct error message is displayed after the name field is left empty and submit button is pressed;
e. Check if correct error message is displayed after providing an invalid name (digits);
f. Check if no error message is displayed after erasing surname after it was provided;

3. test email
a. Check if no error message is displayed after providing a valid email address;
b. Check if correct error message is displayed after providing an email address without an @;
c. Check if correct error message is displayed after providing an email address without a domain name;
d. Check if correct error message is displayed if no email address is provided and submit button is pressed;

4. test age
a. Check if no error message is displayed after a valid age is provided;
b. Check if correct error message is displayed after a letter is provided;
c. Check if correct error message is displayed after a negative number is provided;

5. test submit button
a. Check if submitting only optional fields with correct data results in successful submit
b. Check if submitting only optional fields with correct data results in successful submit
c. Check if submitting all fields with correct data results in successful submit;
d. Check if submitting all fields with incorrect data results in successful submit;
e. Check if submitting an empty form results in successful submit;